hello here at Musikmesse in Frankfurt
Germany my name is Dani Dugan I'm the
product specialist with that electric
guitars and today we're featuring the
dead on 67 baritone so I'm going to play
some first I'm gonna play some clean
clean sounds for you and then we're
going to get into some dirty stuff
boo-boo
you
I might get the rocking out with that
big deep sound thank you did you have a
both pickups on though this isn't a
backpack up for the overdrive it's a
little bite here stairs at the back pick
up the front isn't it it's cool but it
doesn't bite as much
for that flu nothing
McLean I had I had the middle pick up
Oh
it's the only Trump it's the only
baritone with the tremolo thank you very
much